welcome welcome so this week lucky us we
are here with Jason to share some just
open AMA time this is something that's
requested often throughout the season of
people wanting to just pick Jason's
brain and when we're all kind of in this
planning phase and closing out 2023
trying to figure out 20 we knew this
would be really timely so we're going to
have plenty of time for Jason to get to
as many questions as we can so really
excited for everyone to join the
conversation and welcome Jason for sure
we've got you said I think Taylor you
said we had a few things queued up from
before so we can we can just dig in that
sounds good okay so Jason this one came
in Via LinkedIn so we had an audience
member asked what will be the early and
mid investor appetite for SAS startups
in the sales Tech space in 2024 well
look let me let me step back and I've
discussed it a bunch of times other
speakers on the series have talked about
this we've talked about this on the G2
reach growth event two things generally
speaking they're for for now for now
they is very limited investor appetite
for anything that isn't true Ai and you
know why is that there was a legal Tech
startup this week uh that got funded at
700 million valuation at 10 million in
ARR but then in fact This legal Tech
startup was founded by one lawyer who
hadn't even been a lawyer for a year and
quit and did a legal Tech startup after
one year after working at a firm but
because of AI they went from 1 to 10 in
one year so if you can go from 1 to 10
in one year uh mathema Al you can
probably go from 10 to 100 in the next
year and so if you're doing that in any
category even an impacted category like
Sals to marketing everyone is going to
fund you but more importantly the thing
to understand is we're in a weird world
today where if you look at the stock
markets and ultimately VC investment is
tied somewhat NASDAQ is at a record
great growth S&P is at a record but many
startups were hit the hardest of all
right the lowest growth even though
Shopify up over 100% this year so many
other Le leaders so folks are just still
looking for outliers and they're mainly
looking for them in AI true AI companies
that can grow at such large rates your
jaw drop and there isn't any Venture
appetite for pretty good growth there
just isn't any there's none there's zero
absolutely none there's no appetite in
general and importantly to folks that
watch that are here today or watch later
at later stages there's absolutely no
appetite so really biggest risk in
Venture funing the real risk that a lot
of Founders have today almost every
single founder I talked to including
multiple conversations this week that
have raised a seat round or an a round
or whatever they all think the next
round's going to be easier than it is
100% no one is realistic they don't
understand that one because public
multiples on average are about 6X there
basically are no growth rounds happening
there basically are no rounds north of
$200 million
valuations because for an investor to
make 10x on a $200 million valuation
with delution you have to have a$2 and a
half billion doll IPO there just aren't
very many most SAS companies aren't even
worth $2 billion dollar today so it's
very difficult for a growth investor to
invest over 200 million valuation for
your series B series D FG hi J no matter
how well you're doing they have to
believe you're going to be better than
clavio they have to believe you're going
to be a canva to justify not even a
billion dollar valuation a 200 million
valuation and that ripples all the way
down except in seed but in seed
everyone's still an optimist there's so
much money in seed and preed everyone
still believes you could be a Daya dog
or a canva and someone will be every
year every year there will be a
snowflake or a canva and a Daya dog and
so Hope Springs Eternal in seed and
preed and that's good for folks raising
that but after that unless your growth
is crazy and your AI there just is no
oxygen and you know today we had two
discussions this year we had one with
David Sachs who now has three billion at
craft and we had an offline discussion
with Byron deer who runs basser Cloud
practice and they both said over 80% of
our money in SAS is going to AI so bear
that in mind and then and then you add
sales and marketing in many ways this is
the most impacted category right you see
app vendors that we've all relied on for
year sales off gong Outreach hit a wall
this year right see see declines and we
just did an interview with Henry shuck
from Zoom info Zoom info is that
billions in Revenue they're category
leader two things have happened for Zoom
info one is that folks cut every seat
that wasn't being used every dollar
every nickel of Zoom info and and I it
was really interesting what he said I
think he said before 202 going into 2022
an account that was about 80 something
per utilized was considered at full load
right they could sell you more seats
more more users at 80% now it's over
100% so they're getting like a 12% 50%
churn just from folks putting in the
energy to manage their Zoom info
accounts we didn't used to do this we
didn't have time we didn't have time to
figure out how many gong seats we were
using or exactly who was using Zoom info
on our SDR team we didn't have time we
were going going going we were busy busy
busy now everyone's like spending
precious energy managing all of the
sales and marketing spend so that's a
tough Trend across the whole industry
and so I'm it's a rambly answer to say
yeah it's a tough category and I think
that there is relatively limited
interest at all from investors unless
it's AI with one final Point here's the
real interesting thing about sales as a
category which has really changed you
know I invested in sales Loft I got
involved with sales Loft basically
pre-revenue and no one wanted to be in
this category because they felt like we
could only afford a couple sales tools
like there wasn't any room for a sales
off or an Outreach or anything because
you would buy Salesforce and two or
three tools and that's all the budget
and then the budget's inflated and we
had room for 80 or 90 sales tools which
we B in many cases by today but what has
changed is that sales is a category
where at the early stage folks just want
to build more more products we have more
C and CEOs that are into that Tracy from
PL grid built SAS for con for the
construction industry sold it for 700
million sold PL grid what did she decide
to do next build a sales tool there is
like at a personal level there is a lot
of interest in this category and so that
will spur more and more Innovation so on
the one hand if there's no AI it's tough
two it's an impacted category that got
overly scrutinized for spend it stuff
but three so many people are passionate
about the category that Innovation it's
like a Wellspring like it's never ending
so that will create waves of innovation
that doesn't happen in other categories
everyone get sales it's good and bad but
it will create endless endless
Innovation okay our next question is
from Chris Chris would you like to jump
in sure thanks Taylor so Jason my
question is about the I guess you call
it a subcategory of sa solutions that
are pre-built or pre- tailored by
vertical industry we have such an app
that's been pre- tailored for two
industries I just want to get your two
set do you think that customers are
ready to buy into Enterprise level apps
that are pre-
tailored look I actually think it's
nothing new I mean check out the story
of service Titans SAS for technicians
and HVAC maintenance vertical software
is nothing new there has been a niche
piece of software for bookkeepers for
dentist office for doctor's offices we
think these are like new categories
they're not walk into any the oldest I'm
there there are multiple categories of
SAS for veterinarians okay I don't know
if anyone will have A10 billion doll
outcome but people have been writing dos
programs and Windows programs for years
so it's it's not new and it's certainly
the case look at toast let's just do it
for restaurants toast is essentially
taking a combination of square right
plus other systems say we're going to do
Square for restaurant Square had a
little bit of point of sale right it had
its readers and actually a significant
chunk of Square's business is to
restaurants right to small restaurants
toad said hey we're gonna just do one
thing right and so there's lots of
stories clavia which was the only IPO of
this year is marketing just for
e-commerce in fact clavo really is just
marketing only for Shopify customers 70%
of Clo's almost one billion in Revenue
only not only only comes from e-commerce
it only comes from Shopify but
e-commerce but but emails for e-commerce
are much more valuable than normal
emails right because they're so close to
revenue right they're so close to
revenue that clavio actually makes much
more money it's going to Eclipse
MailChimp right and it may even pass
HubSpot as a hubspot's marketing piece
because it's so valuable in e-commerce
right because you're so close to revenue
I don't think vertical SAS is anything
new I do think by adding more value by
running payroll by running payments like
Shopify by doing more stuff for
verticals it turns out the categories
can be 10 to 100 times larger
right I don't know exactly before
service Titan how big the HVAC software
category was but it was pretty small
okay look at Shopify today two-thirds of
Shopify Revenue comes from payments and
financial services not from software
right so these are the kind of things
these are examples of things that expand
the market but again I don't think
vertical SAS is new and my here's my
personal view for about 10 years of
looking at this every industry of any
size any industry with 100,000 or more
customers needs a system of record they
need a core operating system service
Titan is an operating system for
plumbers janitors H it's not just a tool
it is an operating system right so if
the Market's too small if the vertical
is too small then you can't get enough
scale because SAS is hard to build right
you need a bunch of smart people but any
industry with 100,000 or more you can
probably support a 10K or more ACV if
you add $100,000 of value to that
industry no matter how small so that's
the art can you add 10 times more value
than you charge and can you be number
one there isn't necessarily room for 20
vendors in a lot of vertical SAS but
there's room for two and there's room
for one big one and get your ACV up to
10K because below that there's often not
enough customers in vertical SAS to get
there but 10K above right what's 10K
times 10,000 customers it's a pretty
good business thanks Jason much
appreciated thanks Chris we're going a
little out of order just because someone
asked a relevant question to this
conversation specifically about
extension products so John Becker do you
want to come on and ask Jason your
question sure Jason thanks for the
thanks for the time and um yeah good
timing so what are your thoughts I guess
on platform on the platforms like
specifically service now and of course
Salesforce which is the the gorilla
there from an ISD perspective and
bringing products that extend that
platform or those platforms to
market look I don't have any brilliant
insights other than
and again I wish of of of all the
ecosystems I know service now the worst
right I I I know I know a lot about
Shopify now I know a fair amount of
sales force I've been in it I know the
least about service now but there's huge
power laws there's at least 10 vendors
in these ecosystems that can build
massive businesses where it gets
confusing is when you look at all the
folks out there right they can't all
there's power laws and let's take a look
I don't know service now is up but let's
take a look at the Shopify ecosystem
because they all have similar power laws
okay okay so Shopify there's thousands
and thousands of Shopify apps okay
number one is clavio which we talked
about you can research clavio they're
the only SAS IPO of the last two years
the only SAS IPO since Hashi Corp in
December of 2021 cavio is coming up on a
billion in ARR growing 50% and
profitable okay that's number one so so
let's call them 50 800 million AR and
clavio is Shopify for marketing okay
there are about 10 Shopify apps that
have broken out okay I'm going to guess
the 10th is a company called gorgeous
which I'm an investor in and we've we've
highlighted that's Shopify for contact
center okay but it's 10th okay and they
just published their revenue last week
so I can share it they just crossed 50
million ARR so number one is at 800
number 10 is at 50 million right growing
just as quickly right and then number
100 probably gets steak knives maybe
even number 20 gets steak knives because
if number one's at 800 number 10's at 50
what's number 20 at 10
right what's number 100 at you don't you
don't even get the steak knives if
you're 100th on the shop you might get
fired right not literally but there
might not be enough oxygen enough
Revenue right that's the way it was when
I was in the app exchange ecosystem in
Salesforce that's way it is in Shopify
today and so when you look at these
ecosystems you you got to do one of two
things you either if you're going broad
you got to be in the top 10 right or
there's just the attach the reason is
attach rates attach rates just aren't
high enough right you can't access all
of the customers actually clavio has an
insane attach rate to Shopify we can
talk about why which is why it's so big
gorgees actually doesn't have as high an
attach rate because you need clavio in
many cases to make Shopify work right
you need marketing to make it work you
don't actually need support agents to
make Shopify work that's a problem you
figure out later okay you figure it out
later once you scale so you don't need
to buy it on day one as much as you need
to buy clavia so there these day one
high attached end that make these
applications blow up and and the rest
struggle which doesn't mean you
shouldn't do them but it does mean it
probably can't be everything for you it
probably can't be your whole banana
right so those are some I think those
numbers the 850 in the top 10 of Shopify
and then falling off a cliff after that
hopefully is pretty insightful no thank
you very much for that Jason appreci
appreciate it thanks John next up we
have a a specific situation question
about hiring a VP of sales I think from
Ryan Ryan you want to jump
on yeah just hire someone that worked
somewhere with a fancy logo looks good
in a tie and talks the talk like just
hire someone that knows all the acronyms
and just stop there they don't need to
know the product like a great VP sale
every product's the same you don't
really need to understand what the
product does or how it works or you
don't need to be able to do a demo
yourself or answer any customer
questions you just need to be a buddy
just a pal Customer because people buy
from people folks people buy from people
you don't need to know the product you
don't need to know the sales motion you
don't need to know how to build the
slides or even how to log into the app
you're selling you're just selling to
people You're With Me Taylor we're
getting Jason's hot takes everyone
before annual sessions I usually do fake
sessions to
start lesson on how to the actual
mistake that most Founders make hiring a
vpa sales right I can't tell you even
this year how many times actually I
interviewed I'll tell you I think I
wrote this on saster I actually
interviewed over 50 VPS of sales this
year some of them actually for saster
itself because we need one if anyone
really wants this and knows what we're
doing let me know other than for a bunch
of portfolio companies and I can't tell
you of those 80% did no research before
the call and literally just thought
selling's the same I last sold whatever
I last sold Outreach I last sold sales
off or gong or clavo I don't need to do
any research
it's all the same don't hire that person
okay if you do nothing else in 2024 do
not hire the person that does not
profoundly understand the product the
markets are too competitive budgets are
too tight more importantly almost all of
us are selling to more stakeholders now
it's not some mid-level person that
inbounds with budget you've got to sell
everyone's talking about we got to sell
to the CFO and the CEO and the VP and
the midmarket person they do not suffer
fools they do not suffer people that do
not understand the product you will lose
that deal to your competitor that knows
this industry in and out and how to
solve your problem so rambly offset to
my joke answer but ask the question
again so my question is actually not
about the VP of sales higher um I I've
I've watched enough of y'all's videos I
kind of used y'all's Bible when
interviewing a few folks and found a guy
that Dove straight into the product got
excited about it was willing to build
out the process so we're right at that
signing contracts for a million ARR have
line of sight to 10 in probably two
years if we stay keep the Train on the
tracks where I'm struggling the most
because it's just me until I get
somebody on board that built all of this
is that every meeting has a thousand aha
moments in it a thousand product
opportunities a thousand pivots like
right even when we're signing our
contract last week for large Enterprise
account they're asking for 50 more
things that I've never even thought of
as a business and I mean I signed on to
gong so I can start recording and
cataloging it and trying to keep track
of it but what do you recommend for a s
solo founder that's getting all the gems
from the first million in ARR what do I
do to collect all this and not be scared
you're a million your closing bigger
deals you just hired ahead of sales he
comes on in March okay
and and it sounds like your product's
pretty complicated pretty technical
pretty complicated yes sir okay I only
have bad news for
you then I'll give you an example you
don't get you have to be in every
deal it's too complicated there's too
many questions right it's too
sophisticated you will unless you hire a
vpa sales that frankly was an engineer
and smarter than you in the industry
which is possible that's not as dumb as
it sounds there's trade-offs there it
can work work they're going to start
asking you questions about battery
testing and there there's no way here or
she's going to be answer the questions
right you're with me here right you know
what's gonna happen to that deal if
you're not in the
call you lose that's been the problem
we've had there's a company I invested
in that'll go nameless they hit 20
million last year in a very complicated
workflow category probably not as
complicated as what you but brutally
complicated Enterprise workflow okay
brutally complicated brought in a season
VP a sales they at 20 last year they'll
end this year at 22 you know what
happened the CEO stopped doing the sales
calls and they lost 100% of their
complicated deals to the 12 competitors
100% they lost every single including I
got an email yesterday they lost an
$800,000 deal the COO wasn't
in they answered the questions they
could do a pricing table they could talk
about discounts they could talk about
the tagline that's on the website but
this is a product that is complicated
that if it does doesn't change the game
for your Enterprise it's pointless and
they would lose every deal it's could
not be sales-driven on its own and so
the tough lesson I gave to him and it's
already worked is you got to be in every
deal it doesn't mean you have to close
every deal or open every deal you have
to be in every deal you have to be
answering all those questions and the
only thing that will save you ultimately
probably is hiring an incredible head of
product that is better than you on the
product okay right or hiring May once in
a while an incredible head
of success or a that's a product person
too but that's the only way you're going
to get any of your time back if you
leave these deals I know you're a solo
founder I know you have no time I know
you're hoping for your life back and to
to spend the weekends at the beach and
to go on some vacations but it's going
to get worse when you hire the vpa sales
because you don't ever get the time back
and you will lose all the deals you're
not in it's just a fact it doesn't mean
you don't need it because you need
leverage because you want to close more
deals per year so you need to migrate
instead of being the opener the Middler
and the closer you will spend more time
as a
Middler but you don't get the time back
that that thousand hours a year all gets
compressed into the middle and you get
to back off from the discovery call and
the and the the followup at the end but
you don't get any time back you don't
get one hour back I'm okay with that I
know but most people don't get it they
think they're going to get it and the
only time this really works the only
time you get time back and I know I've
written about this before but for folks
the only way you get time back when you
hire VP sales is if the last product
they sold was truly harder to
sell if it's truly and they go into an
environment that in every way is easier
right then you get some time back
because they already did it they already
learned how to sell that tough vertical
sass or complicated battery sass like
they go somewhere easier then you get
your time back but other than that so
that that it's even tougher as a solo
founder but the last thing I'll say
which maybe isn't the question you're
asking as a solo
founder don't forget as you scale and
maybe at a million it's going to be
tough but but maybe in the next two
years and maybe it's your head of
product which helps you you can find a
late co-founder you can find an almost
founder you can find someone that is
crazy enough to care almost as much as
you and you can give her him more equity
and you can give them more and you can
do more and it is not it is too late to
officially find a Founder right you're
at a million it is not too late to find
an expost fact to a co-founder someone
to carry the load and that's what you
probably that's what I I think almost
every solo founder does when you look
deeper they're actually they found
someone later that was kind of at that
level right I mean literally I know it
sounds off topic but I just watched this
week There's a video on YouTube with I
think that the VP of design and the VP
of engineering for for Tesla they're
doing the Cyber trck with J Leno I never
watched J Leno but watch this video
because what's interesting about this
video isn't that they know the
cybertruck the VP of and the VP of uh
design they're they're at that level
they're better than they're so good they
could sell anybody anything they know
everything about this product and they
speak with authority so find two of
those for your team like wherever Elon
found these guys and they each manage a
thousand people they said but that's how
he gets the leverage right where do you
find so where do you find that person in
the community I got five different of
our mentors telling me I need a partner
I need some to Bear the weight so where
do you find that
partner you know it's hard you got to
just meet
everybody I don't I don't know that
business dating services work I don't
know that meeting mediocre people that
apply in ATS and can't write a cover
letter works I don't know but you got to
like meet as many great people as you
can and you got to ask everyone great
you know just to introduce you to great
people not necessarily for recruiting
can you introduce me to the best head of
product you know can you introduce me to
the best marketer be passively learning
and recruiting and those people
sometimes can get you someone build a
relationship and do more stuff in person
and go to more events I know it's tiring
I don't know where you're based like
this stuff is 10 times better in person
even though it's 10 times more work you
don't get to know anybody on a zoom you
got to try right but you got to do it
you got to meet as many of the best
people as humanly possible and
constantly be asking them for help do
you know you know meet Amelia or Taylor
or Jason meet them in person spend some
time with them and at the end say listen
if can think of anybody you happen to
know that could be great at product here
let me know and it may rattle around in
their brain next week one time out of 50
they will get you someone right and you
got to do that the best people get you
the best people and then once in a while
you luck out right someone inbounds from
your from your ATS and it works but the
best people know the best people it's
all I can tell you there's no there's no
magic solution to this right